Update get-started-windows-365-business.md (#6300)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/setup/get-started-windows-365-business.md

Users can select **Open in browser** to open their Cloud PC.

> [!NOTE]  

> > Mobile devices aren’t currently supported to use browser to open the Cloud PC. Remote Desktop app is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Mobile devices aren’t currently supported for using a browser to open Cloud PC. The Remote Desktop app is supported.
```
